---
layout: post
title: "Four enemies"
author: "Igor Dvorkin"
comments: true
collapsable: true

tags:
  - wisdom
---

Fear, Arrogrance, Authority and Apathy, are the four enemies of satisfication as described in Don Juan's teachings.

[Don Juan's teaching](http://kennysideshow.blogspot.com/2014/04/the-four-natural-enemies-of-man-of.html) is an interesting philosphy that has a lot of overlap with my philosphical model, and is also a fun book to read. Of the ideas covered in the book, The four enemy model is a unique articulate, presentation of the challenges on the path to satisifcation. Many of the other concepts in the book are already presented in my philosphical model, and so I provide translations.

## The four enemies

### Fear

- The resistance - a desire to not do it.
- Problem: Will stop trying because is afraid.
- Solution: lean in, and battle till you realize there is nothing to be scared of.

### Arrogance

- Self Confidence, and ego
- Problem: Won't bother learning, or tackling new problems because thinks knows the solution. Will push others away
- Solution: Only use ego and confidence when it is necessary otherwise be humble and patient, make room for others.

### Authority

- When you rely on authority, you stop using your principles, and stuff goes stuff.
- Problem: Will abandon principles, and do what you want.
- Solution: Only use authority when needed. Only use authority in alignment with principles, never else. Never let your authority get out of your control.

### Apathy

- When you already have what you want, or enough, or get tired, you stop caring
- Problem: Will stop wanting to do stuff
- Solution: Push till you die.

## Other concepts

### Knowledge of Death is Strength

- Death is always an arms length away - Remember this every day.
- How can you feel important, when you see graveyards are filled with "important men"
- Because you'll die soon, will these petty thoughts matter?
- When you think something is going wrong - ask death if it matters. It'll say nope, not compared to death.

### Take Responsibility

- Know what you want and wait for it.
- Suffering is in your head
- Attachment is the cause of suffering.
- Your body experiences emotions
- Ponder and think before making a decision, but once made you are on the path. There's a million new decisions to tackle.
- Be neither idle nor in a hurry:
- There are infinite ways to live, but not all align with your mission statement or your principles.

### Ego is the Enemy

- [Ego is the enemy](/pride), how much time is wasted feeling offended or insulted. What a waste of time. Does it matter when dead?
- The ego generates a subjective experience through self talk. Repeat self talk will repeat same actions

## "Igor's Philosophical Model" mapping to Don Juan

- Fear is [resistance](/resistance)
- A path with heart is living by your principles.
- Power = Inspiration + Confidence
- Stopping the world: Meditation, Mindfulness
