---
layout: post 
title: "The Dip"
date: "2017-11-12 06:45:30 Pacific Standard Time"
inprogress: true
tags:
    - book-notes
---

Much of our failure comes from being distracted by tasks we don't have the guts to quit.  Winners quit all the time. They quit the right stuff, so their energy can be saved to cross the Dip.

Get [The Dip](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B000QCSA54/) to learn if you should be doubling down, or looking around.


<!-- TOC -->
<!-- /TOC -->

## Notes beyond here are a mess, please ignore.

### Being well rounded is bad
- Average is invisible is replacable
- Better to be bi-modal, double down on things your great at, skip things you're bad it. 
- If you're going to be the expert, double down on the things that matter there.
- If you hit all the checkboxes, you'll probably lose to someone that's worse at the checkboxes, but nail the thing that matters.

### Be the best in the world
- Best is *way* more valuable then second best, see Zipff's law.
- Best in world is subjective - best in eyes of beholder. They define the what best means, and what world means.
- World is bigger in that distribution is free. 
- World is smaller in that niches can find perfect matches.

###  Quitting is really important.

-  Finite energy, infinite outlets: Impact = energy/things => Too many things, no impact. 
-  Better only do things where you can have impact - this *means* you won't be doing something else, that will hurt - live with it.


#### Dips cul-de-sacs, and quitting: 

New things start fun, but once the new wears off they are hard: The Dip is that long slog between starting and mastery. 

> The combination of bureaucracy and busywork you must deal with in order to get certified in scuba diving.
> The difference between the easy "beginner" technique and the more useful "expert" approach in skiing or fashion design.
> The long stretch between beginner's luck and real accomplishment.
> The Set of artificial screens set up to keep people like you out.

Unlike Dips, cul-de-sacs are places you can put in a lot of energy (or very little) and nothing will come of it. 

** You need to quit cul-de-sacs and dips that you can't make it through **

### Bad quitting:



### When should I quit? 

#### Can I make it through the dip?

#### A special cul-de-sac: Needing to influence a single person/organization for success.

If you need to influence your boss/organization to be successful and you haven't after several tries, there's a decent chance you're in a cul-de-sac.  If this person/organization has built a perception of you and your work, even as you and your work changes for the better, this person/organizations perception will not.  It's much easier to influence the market where each new person is a fresh start where your previous errors can be forgotten. As a simple analogy, what's more likely to succeed marrying the first girl you get a crush on, or getting married to any woman that you meet?


### If you're not going to get to #1, you might as well quit now.

Quitting a Tactic vs. Quitting a Strategy 

That Noise Inside Your Head 
Quitting as an Intelligent Strategy 
Quitting Is Not the Same as Failing 
Coping Is a Lousy Alternative to Quitting 
"Never Quit" 
Pride Is the Enemy of the Smart Quitter 
Harvard Medical School Is Not a Reason to Stick (Ignore Sunk Costs!) 

### The pre quitting questions

AM I PANICKING? 

If you're panicking, not the time quit. The time to quit is at the point you decided it was time to quit. 

WHO AM I TRYING TO INFLUENCE? 

If it's a single person/organization, you'll probably fail. If it's a market, keep trying. 

WHAT SORT OF MEASURABLE PROGRESS AM I MAKING? 


---
Quitting Before You Start 
Deciding in Advance When to Quit 
Soft Tires Pick Your Dip 
You're Astonishing 
The Best in the World? 
It's Almost Impossible to Overinvest in Becoming the Market Leader. 
Share the Dip 
### The best in the world?


### The 8 kinds of DIPS

### Self Help Questions

**Where do I stand?**
Is this a Dip, a Cliff, or a Cul-de-Sac?
Who decides what best is?
Is my persistence going to pay off in the long run?
What chance does this project have to be the best in the world?
When should I quit? I need to decide now, not when I'm in the middle of it, and not when part of me is begging to quit.

**I think I'm in a DIP**
Should I really be calling on IBM? Should I really be trying to get on Oprah?
Does it make sense to submit a resume to every single ad on Craigslist, just to see what happens?
Can we make the world smaller?

**I think I'm in a Cul-deSac:**
If it's a Cul-de-Sac, how can I change it into a Dip?
Am I engaged with just one person (or organization), or do my actions in this situation spill over into the entire marketplace?
If I quit this task, will it increase my ability to get through the Dip on something more important?
If I'm going to quit anyway, is there something dramatic I can do instead that might change the game?


**Feeling too comfortable?**
Are you avoiding the remarkable as a way of quitting without quitting?
If you like your job, is it time to quit?
Is doing nothing better than planning on quitting and then doing something great?

### Need to quit if you're branded by your co-workers/bosses.

### Misc Goodness
- Don't settle
