---
layout: post
title: 577AZ End of corona virus - the park!
date: 2021-05-16
week: 577
fj: True
tags:
  - family-journal
---

After 14 months of isolation, as 70% of Seattlites have their first vaccine shot, the CDC declared fully vaccinated people can stop wearing masks! I jumped at the opportunity to meet Johnny, someone I've worked with very closely, but never met in person. We decided to go the park, and given my new found freedom, I dusted off my haven't used them in 16 months juggling clubs, my barely touched in 5 month magic fanny pack, and pedaled to the park!

Gas works, my favorite park, was glorious! There were tight rope walkers, acro yogaists, and someone putting on a mini concert for the park! There was even some folks walking their pig. While I waited for Johnny, I basked in the sun and practiced my juggling. So much fun, a fellow even came over to watch me and I gave him a quick juggling lesson, while I practiced my slowly returning magic sleights.

{%include bi_table.html b="ig66/577" is="on-the-bike.jpg;torches.jpg" %}

Johnny finally arrived, and as he looked around for where to sit, I was struck with a realization - "Johnny, the back of your head! That's the first back of Facebook employee's head I've ever seen". We chuckled, and as we thought about what to do, Johnny noticed a big group of people looking out over the water. He cocked his head, and said "Hey, isn't that our designer?" Facing away from us, I was like, "uhh, no idea, remember back of heads". Turns out it was not only our designer, but our whole design team - they were out celebrating their freedom!

So cool to meet some of my co-workers in person, and get to juggle, and even perform some magic. My magic is very rusty, but I was able to share a bit of wonder given several of the co-workers were a few tequilas in.

{% include youtube.html src="T6DLsOHbWvI" %}

(Aside 2: The reason I stopped juggling fire was the torches burn with kerosene. While the flames are whipping by my face, I'm getting a lot of fumes, and I think that's pretty close to sniffing gasoline. Luckily, a gift of Corona Virus, I've got some super effective masks to protect me from the fumes -- so torch on baby!!).

I've got several blog entries on the way, but here's a preview:

Amelia and Zach:

{%include bi_table.html b="ig66/577"
is="amelia-made-her-bed.jpg;amelia-strawberries.jpg;zach-on-bike.jpg" %}

Back yard things like our fire pit, the hybrid power (gas and electric) hot tub and the fish (more on this later).
{%include bi_table.html b="ig66/577" is="fire-pit.jpg;fish.jpg;hot-tub.jpg;" %}

Have a great week, and remember _Corona Virus is Ending; We can restart life and beam!_ -- ZiaT!
