---
layout: post
title: 578AZ - Perfect Camping Trip
date: 2021-05-24
week: 578
fj: True
tags:
  - family-journal
---

Family, Fire, Friends, Beach, Yurt - what could be better? Not much, this week we went to twin harbor state park (near Ocean shores) and met Miga and some of her friends. It was a perfect trip, the kids had a blast, we got a blast of good weather in the middle, and I got to meet new folks and practice my magic and juggling.

One of my favorite new poses is the totem pole. I guess I should stack all the kids up.

{%include bi_table.html b="ig66/578"
is="head-amelia.jpg;zach-head.jpg"
%}

- Amelia and I brought my scooter
- I spent a lot of time practicing magic, and doing my juggling

After a year of not getting to see Kai, one of Zach's best friends, they got together and had a blast! They made good use of the ocean and built a few forts. Fort Tiki Wiki and Fort Hot dog held the line till the tide came in, but even though fortified with moats and trenches, they just couldn't stop the battering of the Pacific ocean. Like Zach, Kai is a great kid, so fun to watch him grow up, and his voice is already starting to drop, I guess that's up next for Zach as well.

Zach brought his bike camping which was awesome! So nice to see him on wheels. I didn't bring my bike (huh?!), but I brought my new scooter and chased him around!

{%include bi_table.html b="ig66/578" is="kai-zach-1.jpg;kai-zach-2.jpg" %}

Amelia was thrilled to see Ceil, and meet Ceil's good friend Emma (we met Emma's parents who were awesome as well).

{%include bi_table.html b="ig66/578" is="amelia-ciel.jpg;amelia-friends.jpg;amelia-beach" %}

One of the great parts of camping is all the yummy food - The classic S'mores, and the new found Starbucks cake pops:

{%include bi_table.html b="ig66/578" is="amelia-zach-lollypop.jpg;amelia-smore-1.jpg;amelia-smore-2.jpg" %}

Thanks for asking, I'm doing great as well! The gym is finally mask free, and I'm starting to practice my magic and think about new magical ideas (like unicorns). Sadly, my leg has been bugging me, luckily it's bugging me enough that I'm off to physio therapy. I'm gonna get a frequent flier card there soon. And you know who doesn't get enough air time? Our cat - so here we go:

{%include bi_table.html b="ig66/578"
is="cat-stretch.jpg; Maskless-gym.jpg; unicorn-cards.jpg"
%}

Tori doesn't like to be in the spot light, but as is always the case none of this would have been possible without Tori's dedication, planning, and perfect execution.

Have a great week, and remember _Take care of your leg, or you'll feel like a broken egg!_ -- ZiaT!
