---
layout: post
title: Achievement Unlocked - Double Dates!
date: 2021-07-30
week: 582
fj: True
tags:
  - family-journal
  - achievement
---


It's very easy to get home, find the kids on screens, get frustrated they're ignoring you, and then hop on a screen and wonder why the heck you left work early to spend time with your family.

Luckily there's a fix for this. Easy to say, easy to do in theory, but like all other important not urgent things, hard to do in practice. The fix is weekly dates!

And this week, I successfully had pre-booked dates, and then excited the kids about going on dates!

With Amelia, we took the bubble bike to the park, then went to watch the sunset, and finished up with some yummy bubble tea (her favorite):

{%include bi_table.html is="a-bubble-bike.jpeg;a-bubbles.jpeg;a-sunset.jpeg;bubble-store.jpeg" %}

The next day with Zach (who is much harder to get to go on dates), we decided to do Chinese food. Zach was very excited to go to a Chinese place which was favored by Bruce Lee, so off we went. Zach wanted to bring Amelia, which was surprising but awesome, so I didn't question this. Once we got to the Chinese restaurant, I figured out his thinking. We order family style, and Amelia means we get an extra dish, of which she doesn't eat that much. Regardless, great to have dates with the kids

{%include bi_table.html is="z-a-chinese-food.jpeg;z-bruce-lee.jpeg" %}

Have a great week, and remember *Take your kids on a date, and your relationship will be great* -- ZiaT!
