---
layout: post
title: Achievement Unlocked - Bubble Bike
date: 2021-05-30
week: 583
fj: True
tags:
  - family-journal
  - achievement
---

I start my eulogy with my role as a dealer of smiles and wonder and bicycle rider. For a reason I don't understand, few things are so universally smile generating as bubbles. Normally, bubbles are limited to your lung capacity, but a few years back I discovered bubble machines, which automatically create a metric tonne of bubbles, but you're usually stuck at your house where you've got power. A while back I had an idea of putting a bubble machine on my bike. I found a model that ran on batteries, and Tori did a bunch of thinking, and came up with an attachment mechanism. Now, as I ride my bike there is a trail of bubbles. When I stop my bike, there are bubbles everywhere, and when I walk my bike, if the wind is to my back, I'm engulfed in bubbles.

The bubble bike wouldn't have been possible except Tori is a master artisan. Without her bringing this creation to life, the bubble bike would have a figment of my imagination.

{%include bi_table.html is="
bubble-back.jpeg; bubble-profile.jpeg
"%}

Pictures fail to express the awesomeness of bubble bik as not only are bubbles not photengic, but because the real magic of bubbles is people's reactions. Kids just go nuts when they see them, and the adults who feel safe, just beam and honk their horns and give me a big kuddos.

{% include youtube.html src="g4CPmCKyXmI" %}

A few experiences on my first bubble experience ...

While walking my bike in downtown queen anne, when the wind hit from the back, I'd be engufled in a wall of bubbles and people walking would be confused, as the bubble machine is hidden. As they passed they'd realize it was a wall of bubbles and they'd be thrilled.

When stopped waiting for the draw bridge to come down, the wall of bubbles engulfed the other people biking who took pictures with their dog covered in bubbles. A few people honked yelling from their cars that the bubbles are awesome.

When biking on the trail, kids would catch the bubbles and start stairing at me, and then they'd realize I was the source the wall of bubbles and be thrilled.

When taking Amelia on bike rides, getting to see her in bubble as well.

{%include bi_table.html

is="
amelia_bubble.jpeg
"%}
