---
layout: post
title: Familiy Journal 584AZ- Portland Train Day Trip
date: 2021-09-01
week: 584
fj: True
tags:
  - family-journal
  - achievement
---

All summer Zach's been fantisizing over a train adventure, and all my time in Seattle I've been fantasizing about going to Portland. On Friday when Zach suggested we could do a train trip to Portland, I was like, OK lets do it. Sunday day Trip!

{%include bi_table.html is="
portland.jpeg;
voodoo.jpeg;
"%}

The train is slow, but it's about the journey not the destination. The train was pretty empty so we had lots of room to stretch out:

{%include bi_table.html is="
king-station.jpeg;
train-2.jpeg;
train.jpeg;
"%}

The coolest thing we did in portland was check out the museum of science. Due to Corona Virus much of it was closed, but amazingly the museum has a real submarine, and amazingly it was open! So cool to get on a submarine!

{%include bi_table.html is="
missle_tube.jpeg;
zach_hatch.jpeg
"%}

Zach doesn't tell us much about school. But Zach's class mates parents have told us their kids tell them Zach is really funny. I don't often experience this, but here's what happened on the submarine.

The submarine is crammed to the gills, there almost no empty space. In the bridge of the submarine there is a pannel of red and green lights, and the tour guide explained it's called the christmas tree, and they are always checking if the christmas tree is green. The tour guide then asked if anyone had any questions.

Zach piped up: Hymn, I don't see a lot of room under the christmas tree, where do they put all the present that don't fit under the christmas tree.

Hahaha! So impressive that he's already got the courage to interact with adults!

Oh yeah, while I'm a big fan of fanny packs, I realized I can go bigger, and tried a hip pack. More room then I needed but it passed the travel test.

{%include bi_table.html is="
hip-bag.jpeg;
"%}

Have a great week, and remember - It's about the journey not the destination, so see you at the train station - Ziat!
