---
layout: post
title: Family Journal 585AZ- Last Camping Trip of the 2021
date: 2021-09-07
week: 585
fj: True
tags:
  - family-journal
---

Tori booked our final tent camping trip of the year in April for mid-September, and I was super skeptical. Way too cold I thought, no way we're tenting that late in the season. Great news, as often the case, I was way wrong. We had a wonderful camping trip at deception pass!

On one hand, not much happened while we were camping. On the other hand, we were present, bonded with the kids, and recharged. I guess,looking at my priorities, all the most important stuff happened. One night I made a giant fire, and Zach and I talked, Zach talked for hours, and then we went out to the beach and stared at the stars. That's what it's all about.

{%include bi_table.html is="
beach-bay.jpeg;
igor-relaxing.jpeg
"%}

Deception pass is one of the many natural jewels about an hour from Seattle.

All the parking, including RV parking was funny angle, hilly, and back in. Minor stress in a car, relationship testing with a 40 foot RV. You could see some couples who were a supportive team, and others where a partner silenced the other and crashed their RV into a tree instead of communicating.

Tori and I no longer have a trailer (which if you recall, we actually pushed into a spot to park - at the laughter of other RV'ers), but we the "relationship lite test" of setting up a giant tent. Used to take a lot of time and a lot of fighting, now a days we're butter smooth (well, maybe cream cheese with some chunks). Even the kids are helping.

You can walk across deception pass which is a giant bridge. I was thrilled that Zach wanted to join me in walking across it. As an engineer I love bridges, and deception pass is a good one. The bridge is currently being re-built so views were obstructed, excited to come back when it's rebuilt.

{%include bi_table.html is="
walk-bridge-selfie.jpeg;
walk-bridge.jpeg;
zach-sign.jpeg
"%}

Zach is developing a "chef" identity. Which is awesome, he made some very yummy lunches:

{%include bi_table.html is="
zach-cook-1.jpeg;
zach-amelia-lunch.jpeg;
"%}

Playing daily is important, and Amelia and I always take this to heart

{%include bi_table.html is="
amelia-stuffy.jpeg;
amelia-tree.jpeg;
igor-tree.jpeg
"%}

Oh yeah, it was supposed to rain Sunday at 10 am, so we woke up at 5am Sunday and packed up the tent, we got out before the rain started. So important, it's not the length of the journey, it's about having a great journey. Quit while you're ahead.

Have a great week, and remember - Quit while you're ahead, that's using your head - ZiaT!
