---
layout: post
title: Family Journal 587AZ - Amelia Noodles with Amelia on the side
date: 2021-10-01
week: 587
fj: True
tags:
  - family-journal
---

Long ago, Amelia was in a dark mood, so I said well, in that case, we should get "Amelia Noodles". Her mood instantly brightened, and he had a fine date eating Pad Thai. Yesterday, it was our weekly date night and we decided on Amelia noodles. Subway, desert, future jobs and shotguns for boys, it was amazing! ps: best parenting tip ever - weekly date nights. pss: best story about this in 7 habits chapter 3.

There's basically nothing better then date nights. You give your full attention to your kid/spouse/friend and focus on being present, listening, being grateful, and appreciating them. Here's our blow by blow

The morning of:

- Igor: For today's date night, how about Amelia Noodles?
- Amelia: That sounds good, I don't think we had date night in 3 years, I'm like 7 now, and I would have been 4 back then.
- Igor: Perfect

6 pm day of:

- Igor: Hey Amelia, should we drive or subway?
- Amelia: (Sharing my love of not driving). It's been a while, lets take the subway, it's good.

On our walk to the subway:

- Amelia: Dad, you should get a purse
- Igor: My fanny pack is pretty much a purse
- Amelia: No it's not, get a purse

Changing subject:

- Igor: What do you want to be when you grow up?
- Amelia: Well, I used to want to be a signer, but now I want to help people, so maybe a vet or a Dr or a nurse
- Igor: Oh that's great (mental note: I'm all for high paying careers).
- Amelia: Yeah, mom used to be a nurse, she helped the Dr.
- Igor: What kind of Dr would you want to be, some fix legs and some fix hearts
- Amelia: Oh, a Psychiatrist.
- Igor: (Wow!) Oh, that'd be great, I see them every week, and that was really important to my Dad.
- Amelia: Yeah, that'd really help people

Changing Subject:

- Amelia: You know, the other day we were driving, you weren't there, and I was gonna fall asleep, but then I heard Zach and Mom talking about her dad. So I started to eves drop.
- Amelia: When I eves drop I can close my eyes and really see what's going on in my mind.
- Igor: Oh yeah, what do you imagine it's like when I'm at work
- Amelia: (Closes her eyes for a few minute). Well I imagine there's a desk and monitor, and you sit there. And there's probably a coffee machine too.
- Igor: Yup, that's spot on.

We take the subway up to the new u-district station (highly recommended), and it has a super cool art installation that looks like the apartments from Brooklyn.

Then we went to Thai Thom, amazing hole in the wall Thai restaurant I'd gone to 21 years earlier as an intern and several times since.

- Igor: You know, when you get a boyfriend, I'll need to buy a shotgun and really make sure they're scared of me.
- Amelia: (Concerned, then smiling). You know, if you do that, then I need to move out.
- Igor: Hymn, I'll take that into consideration.

Changing Subject

- Igor: Amelia, how is it your tablet has no more time limits?
- Amelia: Sheepish Grin
- Igor: Humm?
- Amelia: Well I'm pretty smart and kept guessing passwords till you know. I'm smart you know
- Igor: Oh I know that very well.

After we finish eating.

- Igor: You know, should we have desert?
- Amelia: Well, it is a date, I think we should.

It was cold, but we couldn't find anywhere else, so we ended up at an ice cream store. (I need to spend more time in the U district). The place was weird and had stuff like double tea ice cream, and basil ice cream.

- Amelia: Who would want these weird ice creams, they don't even have strawberry or vanilla
- Igor: I know, we can at least share this weird chocolate one.
- Amelia: (Non-sequitur, just like her dad) Mail rhymes with Tail
- Igor: Do you know there are different kinds of mail?
- Amelia: Yup, like mailbox, and male like ...
- Amelia: (She cut me off, just like her dad) The guys you threatened with a shotgun.

Ice cream over, I considered grabbing a Gig Car (adhoc car rental) home. Then, I remembered I'm always happier not driving so back on the Subway we want. A great choice, as there was a really cute dog wearing a Luau.

After we got off on our subway stop:

- Igor: Hey Amelia, you know what we should do next?
- Amelia: What?
- Igor: To end our perfect date, we should write up what we talked about, and then you should read me a bedtime story.

And we did!

{%include bi_table.html is="
amelia-stuffy.jpeg;
amelia-tree.jpeg;
igor-tree.jpeg
"%}

Have a great week, and remember - **Want to Parent Right? Date Night!** - ZiaT
