---
layout: post
title: Family Journal 588AZ - SUPER PRIDE! Zach learns GitHub
date: 2021-10-02
week: 588
fj: True
tags:
  - family-journal
---

Friday I woke up at 4:30, and Zach, my 11 year old son, was awake. Slightly groggy, in disbelief, I say "Zach - what is going on? Go to bed! you have school in 4 hours. Go to bed!". He reported proudly, "can't I already had my Yorkshire gold tea (for some reason this is caffination of choice, think red bull or mountain dew for most programmers)".

_This blog is pretty technical, but will be fun for my tech friends_

{%include bi_table.html is="
intro.png
"%}
{%include bi_table.html is="
zach.jpeg
"%}

Accepting my fate:

- **Igor:** (Sigh...), What are you doing?
- **Zach:** Working on my game
- **Igor:** (Damn, that's cool.)
- _Zach's website has CI/CD on GitHub, but he's never used that._
- **Zach:** Can you deploy it for me?
- **Igor:** (I don't want to encourage this not sleeping). I'm happy to deploy it after school.
- **Zach:** Come on, that sucks. Can I do it myself
- **Igor:** (Figuring there's no way Zach'll figure it out, I give him a short answer). OK, you'll need to stage, commit, create a pull request, then accept the merge.

Thinking we're done I head off to work, I check my e-mail, and it's full of [merge requests on Sept 13 2021](https://github.com/zacookiegames/zacookiegames.github.io/commits/master). Turns out Zach figured this out, but he didn't have local HTML previews so had to deploy to see what it looked like, and commit again (groan, the dreaded I can only preview in production). I'm super proud, and continue on my day.

{%include bi_table.html is="
commit_history.png
"%}

Coming home from work ..

- **Zach:** I created a GitHub project to track feature requests.
- **Igor:** What?
- **Zach:** Yeah, it's like Trello.
- **Igor:** What? How do you know what Trello is! You're 11!

I check my computer...

{%include bi_table.html is="
trello.jpg
"%}

He even made me some tasks. For example: [Zacookie testing fork not connected to any website #21
](https://github.com/zacookiegames/zacookiegames.github.io/issues/21) And at 11, he's discovered the age old question asked by every programmer, is this a [issue or a task](https://github.com/zacookiegames/zacookiegames.github.io/issues/21#issuecomment-921409733).

{%include bi_table.html is="
issue_or_task.png
"%}

I also like how he added "themes" along with descriptions in the title:

{%include bi_table.html is="
task_title.png
"%}

Most humorously, I was talking to my buddy (bragging really), I was like I need to think deeply about how to keep him motivated, and the friend responded ....

{%include bi_table.html is="
motivate.jpg
"%}

_FYI: I created the comic strip using [Comic Strip Creator](https://www.storyboardthat.com/storyboard-creator)_

Have a great week, and remember - **Once your kid learns GitHub, get him in a programming club** - ZiaT
