---
layout: post
title: Family Journal 590AZ - Kids are VAX'D!!!
date: 2021-11-7
week: 590
fj: True
tags:
  - family-journal
---

On November 8th 2021, 16 months after the CV-19 shutdown, the kids got their first vaccine shot! We got the shot at the hospital by our house which is right beside the subway station, so to celebrate we hopped on the subway and went to Zach's favorite restaurant - Tai Tongue. To quote Zach, it's delicious, easy to get to, and reasonably priced. A winning combination. Oh yeah, and that's me taking a selfie with one of the photos in the hospital while the family groaned that I needed to get going.

{%include bi_table.html is="
kid-vax-1.jpeg; kid-vax-2.jpeg; kid-vax-3.jpeg
"%}

I often get confused and think Amelia dates need to be something I think is impressive, but it's all about Amelia and what she enjoys. So this week we made masks, and then went to check out the new skating rink. Amelia wasn't as excited about the skating rink till we got there and wanted to go skating, but my calves were killing me so I needed to skip, so maybe skating next time.

{%include bi_table.html is="
amelia-date-mask.jpeg;
igor-selfie-2.jpeg
"%}

Zach continues to impress. This week he made us a wonderful steak dinner (and he even started the onions - though was overwhelmed with tears - get it?). He also [understood](https://idvork.in/cert-error) why we were [getting intermittent security errors on zacookiegames](https://github.com/zacookiegames/zacookiegames.github.io/issues/6).

And favorite of all, this week Zach produced the school assembly. And for its showing he wore his top hat. When I asked him why, he said "I want to impersonate an eccentric billionaire". Humorously the same day I wanted to wear a top hat as I was doing a big event at work, but alas we only have one. That night I ordered us a second top hat!

{%include bi_table.html is="
zach-dinner.jpeg;
zach-tophat.jpeg
"%}

Everyone makes fun of my collection of selfie sticks, but it's great for taking photos. People would also make fun of me if they knew I run vim and tmux on my e-ink tablet. But that's OK, both of these thing make me very happy and people's mockery is just a reminder of wonderfulness.

{%include bi_table.html is="
eink.jpeg;
igor-selfie-1.jpeg;igor-selfie-3.jpeg
"%}

Have a great week, and remember - _Top hat, top hat, top hat - who wouldn't want to wear that!_ - ZiaT
