---
layout: post
title: Family Journal 591AZ - Turkey Day 2021
date: 2021-11-29
week: 591
fj: True
tags:
  - family-journal
---

Programmer Chef Zach shined this thanksgiving, cooking our thanksgiving dinner (with the help of souse chef Tori), and starting a programming course (after patiently explaining to Dad that Dad didn't know how to teach programming). Curious, compassionate, resilient Amelia, enjoyed a sleep over, lots of Tara time, and shared dating guidance with Dad. Dad went crazy on his blog, and got to get the kids back at the roller rink. With a respite from Corona Virus we caught up with the Migas. And most important, to Tori, was are all grateful, who while preferring to be in the background makes all the magic happen.

To our beaming pride (I was going to say to our amazement, but it's no surprise) Zach prepared our Turkey Day dinner:

{%include bi_table.html is="
chef-zach.jpeg;t-day-dinner.jpeg;amelia-t-day.jpeg
"%}

Similarly he started a programming course, and took his first stab at an external monitor:

{%include bi_table.html is="
zach-coding-class.jpeg
"%}

We wrapped up the long weekend by watching Kingsman together, which was really fun to do together, but too violent, but kind of IRL cartoon violence. Next time we'll do PG-13. Amazingly it finished at 9:29PM, exactly 1 minute before Wi-Fi Shutdown. Zach was pretty annoyed he hadn't gotten some downloads in before the great evening shutdown.

Amelia had some solid friend time this thanksgiving. We brought the old pod back together, enjoying a party and getting to go roller skating again - hooray! Amelia also spends a tonne of time talking to Tara on the portal while playing video games (I need to get a photo of that).

{%include bi_table.html is="
amelia-party.jpeg;roller-skating.jpeg
"%}

Amelia's bestie and her dad enjoy skating, so I asked Amelia if we should go on a double date with them for date night. She wasn't impressed, she answered \*Well Dad, I think if we did a double date with my bestie, I'd rather spend time with her, and so we wouldn't have much of a date".

I got some friend time, tonne of tech done, and got my hot tub back in working order

Friends are super important as well, and I had a great time catching up with Greg. I got to try his new fancy home gym (a tonal), and while it was awesome, I don't think Tori is ready for the purchase. Oh yeah, and selfies, gotta take selfies!

{%include bi_table.html is="
chill-greg.jpeg
"%}

My full [tech and personal reflection](/timeoff-2021-11)

Have a great week, and remember - _Hot tub back, Good as crack!_ - ZiaT
