---
layout: post
title: Ice, ice baby - Jump in the lake day 2022
date: 2022-01-01
week: 603
fj: True
tags:
  - family-journal
  - jump-in-the-lake-day
---

It's Jump in the Lake Day - that day we kick off the year by saying F@#\$ the resistance!! This year the resistance was extra strong. It was whispering are you crazy, it's sub zero and snowy, and there's COVID so it'll be solo. Luckily for me, water is warmer then air, my family supports me when I plunge, and my bestie Ammon reminded me how important it is I do this!

{%include bi_table.html is="family.jpeg;hat.jpeg" %}

You can see other days I did [this here](https://ig66.blogspot.com/2020/01/happy-jump-in-lake-day-2020.html)

{%include bi_table.html is="running.jpeg;leaving.jpeg" %}

In the spirit of "f@#\$" the [resistance](/resistance) and just be productive, here's a reminder of how much I can get done when I'm at my best. (Mostly talking about me, not the family, expect another post about family adventures so you won't see it there).

- Woke up at 4:30am
- Wrote out my gratefulness journal, and 750 words
- Wrote up a summary and retrospective [for my time off](/timeoff-2021-12)
- Added some stub blog posts for [failure](/fail) and [touching](/cry) I've been meaning to capture for a while.
- Meditated for 15 minutes
- Practiced Magic
- Sat in the hot tub listening to lectures on GPT-3
- Got Zach his first SIM card for his phone
- Had Zach cook me his signature beyond burger.
- Did my jump in the lake
- Got Tori her new laptop
- Did a bunch of learning on GPT-3
- Met (virtually) an [expert on GPT-3 and prompt engineering](https://github.com/semiosis/prompts/tree/master/prompts) - fascinating stuff.

{%include bi_table.html is="back.jpeg;hottub-ai.jpeg" %}

Have a great year and remember: You might think it's cold and miserable, but that's just the [resistance](/resistance) you need persistence.
