---
layout: post
title: Week 607AZ - Reviews complete
date: 2022-01-23
week: 607
fj: True
tags:
  - family-journal
---

This Friday ended the 3 weeks of [reviews](/ig66/606) ([and here](/ig66/605)), and I did to the best of my ability and with almost no procrastinating, pretty proud of myself. As they say, if you want something done give it to a busy man., On top of work, my habits have been strong, I restarted practicing magic, I've been nailing it at the gym, and having a blast at my new habit - taking silly selfies.

Saturday was great, we met up with the Scotts at Seattle center, and got a good photo - though not gonna lie needed some software to get Ethan, their youngest, back in the shot. Having photo software makes taking photos even more fun.

{%include bi_table.html is="scotts.jpeg;you-cant-see-me.jpeg" %}

Tori has been pretty busy with her play, another cool item is the giant wolf. Even cooler if you know how it's made, I should really take "making of videos", they'd be private, but still super cool.

Because Tori is working, the kids have been walking home. One day, I got to sneak out early from home and walk them home, what a pleasure. The kids are totally different after school on the way home. They're excited about their day, and not yet sucked into a computer.

{%include bi_table.html is="amelia-dad-surprise.jpeg;wolf.jpeg;zach-dinner.jpeg" %}

Oh and magic! My magic practice really slowed down during the Omicron variant, but this weekend Greg's kids wanted to see some magic, and that inspired me. I started working on a new trick, which is perfect as I really need a 3rd rock solid trick to make a solid magic set.

_Have a great year and remember:_ If you love the magic, and then you stop, that is certainly tragic! - _ZiaT_
