---
layout: post
title: Week 608AZ - Chilling'
date: 2022-02-01
week: 608
fj: True
tags:
  - family-journal
---

This week I restarted my "day job", and took a much needed easy week. Tori's been super busy at work as she's in Tech for her play, so I'm picking up some kid duties to pitch in - driving the kids to school and a few days of cooking. It's very weird car commuting, I haven't done that since at least Zach was born, and probably longer before that. My cooking repertoire is a little light, but fun to be making stir fry's and my new wok is in the mail!

As I said, super quiet week, and I used it as an opportunity to have some fun. First, I got some multi colored shoes, and then explored new ways to shave my head. I started cocky and used the 1 wheeled version, that was unwise when I took a chunk out of my head, so I got the 2 wheel version, which doesn't take corners well. For now, 2 wheeler for the straightaways, and one wheeler extra slow for the curves.

{%include bi_table.html is="car-razors.jpeg;shoes.jpeg;shaved-head.jpeg" %}

Of course, I'm still keeping up my selfie habit.

{%include bi_table.html is="igor-amelia.jpeg; zach-igor.jpeg; mustache.jpeg" %}

The toughest responsibility is getting Amelia up for school. She tends to stay up late, which makes waking up early pretty tough. Amazingly Amelia realizes she needs to get to bed early, and wants to do it, it's just tough as well, who wants to fall asleep. Some progress, but still pretty tough.

_Have a great year and remember:_ Shaving heads, and driving cars, just be careful not to make scars - _ZiaT_
