---
layout: post
title: Week 609AZ - Play open - The mystery of Irma Vep
date: 2022-02-07
week: 609
fj: True
tags:
  - family-journal
---

Friday we went to see Tori's show. It was amazing, awesome props, super funny, the kids and I loved it. I fantasize about Tori working for the circus, and [Irma Veep](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Mystery_of_Irma_Vep) was pretty darn close. Once plays open the Prop folks (Tori was the Prop Master) get a much needed break after the gruelling hours of Tech.

{%include bi_table.html is="irma-veep.jpeg;piggy-back.jpeg" %}

My work is back to normal, the usual stuff to get done, the occasional fire, and some projects. I tweaked my back at the gym. Nothing serious, but I'm very paranoid with my back, so taking it easy on exercise. Inconveniently, this un-anchored my habits and I become a bit slack on stuff that really energizes me. Luckily I can restart any day I want, and so I restarted this saturday.

Last Sunday was super cool we got together with Chris, Colin, Ryan and Greg and enjoyed some smoked meat. I've known Ryan and Colin for 25 years, and Greg and Chris for 21, CRAZY! As I sat there eating my smoked meat, I looked up and saw the 5 to 12 year old versions of all of us (we all had kids at the same time). It was one of those moments when you think Wow - look at how amazing my life has been.

{%include bi_table.html is="kids-growing-up.jpeg;chris.jpeg" %}
{%include bi_table.html is="greg.jpeg;colin-ryan.png" %}

A few years ago I was walking downtown and ran into Colin and his kids. I love doing magic, so without introducing myself, I kneeled down and did magic for the kids. I'm sure I enjoyed it in the moment, but didn't think hard about it.

On Sunday as I chatted with Colin, he brought that interaction up, and told me his daughter's reaction after I'd continued on my way. His daughter said - "Wow, who was that?", Colin answered - "My friend Igor". His daughter cocked her head and continued "Wow your friend is the coolest guy in the world". I'm confident Colin exaggerated to make me feel good, but I'll take his story at face value as it certainly makes me feel great and re-focus on my magic practice.

_Have a great year and remember:_ You don't own your kids, you lease them - _ZiaT_
