---
layout: post
title: Week 610AZ - Pandemic Ending, life getting back to normal.
date: 2022-02-14
week: 610
fj: True
tags:
  - family-journal
---

The future is bright. The Governor announced the end of the mask mandate (1 more month), and last Saturday, after finishing my work out, I missed a turn and drove past my old favorite coffee shop by accident. It was my old favorite because it had closed during the pandemic. To my excitement it was open!!! I spent the next 3 hours enjoying my coffee, practicing magic, and writing on my iPad. Very much one of my favorite things to do. I was also really busy at work so I could take [the next week off](/timeoff-2022-02) as the kids were off school. Amazingly I got it all done by mid week (though I did have to work a bit on the weekend), and can go into my time off with a very clear head.

So many back to normals:

- A long productive morning at the coffee shop (it's been years)
- Spending lots of hours practicing magic (it's been months)
- Being pain free at the gym
- Coaching a stranger through a job change.

But also some new normals, which are fantastic!

- The coaching was on the phone, combined with a virtual walk
- Hanging out in the hot tub
- Working out with a personal training
- Grinding out what I need at work instead of procrastinating.
- Using an app to lock in new habits
- More rubber band magic.
- DAILY Selfies!

Speaking of daily selfies (the Amelia stacked one is her in her platform bed):

{%include bi_table.html is="family-stretch.jpeg;stacked.jpeg;clive.jpeg;zach-dad.jpeg" %}

And the view from the hot tub!

{%include bi_table.html is="backyard.jpeg" %}

So good to be getting back to normal. Speaking of back to normal, I've gained a lot of weight, and I'm looking for some weight loss approach.

I've been reading [presto](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01CD88FKS/ref=dp-kindle-redirect?_encoding=UTF8&btkr=1), and much of it resonate. Several great quotes from Penn Gillette (of Penn and Teller):

- Do you really want to take health advice from a Las Vegas Magician?
- I need to lose 80 lobs
- Doing extreme stuff (like juice fasting) is easy, but doing easy stuff is hard (like moderation)
- For some reason, no one says being a fat f\$ck will kill, and it's the most pressing concern.
- Dieting you are very cold, and sometimes you'll get light headed.
- You can live a long time on just potatoes

Stay tuned for more!

_Have a great year and remember:\_We're almost around the bend, The pandemic will end_- _ZiaT_
