---
layout: post
title: Week 611AZ - Downtime
date: 2022-02-21
week: 611
fj: True
tags:
  - family-journal
---

I took the week so I could spend the week off with Tori and the kids who also had the week off. Given it was a staycation, I had low expectations, and that's basically what happened. Just a 7 day long uneventful slow weekend. It happens, next time I should plan something. In good news, I got a bunch of fun stuff done on my blog, and I started practicing magic hard again. Too hard, of course, as now my wrist is killing me, but luckily I have lots of PT exercises to make that better, and nothing motivates me to do those exercises like some acute wrist pain.

As I mentioned last week, I'm pretty excited about the potato diet. This week I started eating potatoes, but I didn't stop eating other foods, so a net negative weight loss. I also recalled I was going to be very cold, and bought a hat. (And to balance the pictures, Amelia made a hotel and she invited me in, thought it was a wee bit small for me.)

{%include bi_table.html is="hat-and-potatoes.jpeg;amelia-hotel.jpeg" %}

Recall on the potato diet, in strong resonance with Penn Gillette:

- Do you really want to take health advice from a Las Vegas Magician?
- I need to lose 80 lobs
- Doing extreme stuff (like juice fasting) is easy, but doing easy stuff is hard (like moderation)
- For some reason, no one says being a fat f\$ck will kill, and it's the most pressing concern.
- Dieting you are very cold, and sometimes you'll get light headed.
- You can live a long time on just potatoes

Amelia and Zach both had play dates. Zach's physical play dates could easily be virtual, or so it seems:

{%include bi_table.html is="amelia-tea-party.jpeg;zach-play-date.jpeg" %}

The kids are getting used to daily selfies, though sometimes they think they're kind of silly:

{%include bi_table.html is="amelia-bear.jpeg;zach-barret.jpeg" %}

And magic, so excited to be doing magic. Even got to do magic for real people at a bar again. So fun!

_Have a great year and remember:_ Too much magic, for your wrists tragic - _ZiaT_
