---
layout: post
title: Week 613AZ - March 12th, 2022 - Masks complete
date: 2022-03-13
week: 613
fj: True
tags:
  - family-journal
---

Wow, almost 2 years since shutdown, Seattle has lifted its mask mandate. The place this impacts me most is at the gym. Doing cardio while wearing a mask is miserable, and to celebrate this occasion, I went to the gym when they opened for the first 2 mask free days.

{%include bi_table.html is="no-mask-gym.jpeg;flat-squirrels.jpeg" %}

I also liked the sign about being decisive, there's a great saying that you often avoid the choice to remove the stress of making a decision, but that in itself is a decision.

Spring is coming to Seattle, and that reminds me how much street art we have. A great reason to ride my bike, and use my selfie stick. It's good i can find street art, cuz Tori isn't too interested in being in my photos. Though if you look loosely at Tori's phone photo it, like her, is a cool cat!

{%include bi_table.html is="igor-bird.jpeg;igor-octopus.jpeg;tori-photo.jpeg" %}

Tori and I had some excitement this week. First, our friends were renting out their house, and that was a very interesting idea, sell our house and rent from them. The house didn't meet our criteria, but it was another solution to get more space for us.

Second, Tori enlisted me to help her move a table to the theater. It's amazing how strong Tori is. Together, we hauled a very heavy table, while I was on the verge of a back catastrophe, Tori easily handled it! Good thing I type all day, and Tori is the one in charge of moving stuff.

_Have a great year and remember:\_It's time for the next phase of the pandemic, it's now endemic - \_ZiaT_
