---
layout: post
title: Week 620AZ - The family who gets COVID together
date: 2022-04-17
week: 620
fj: True
tags:
  - family-journal
---

Just when you thought COVID was over, Baba got COVID, and then Igor got COVID, and then Zach got COVID (While Zach probably got it from Igor, Igor certainly didn't get it from Baba; she was 2100 miles away). So far the ladies haven't got COVID, but it's still early. It was extra bad timing for COVID since it was spring break, and Tori was super busy working on her play. Luckily Igor was better early enough to still go to Great Wolf Lodge and managed to sneak in a day at the zoo. (And yes, we were all vaccinated, but it's not 100% effective).

{%include bi_table.html is="great-wolf-mask.jpeg;mask-zach.jpeg; covid-time.jpeg" %}

Because Zach got COVID, Amelia and I went to Great Wolf Lodge by ourselves. Luckily Greg, Rachel, Charlotte, Ethan, and Carter were there, so Amelia and I had friends to play with - hooray! (OK, it wasn't really lucky, we planned it that way - and we should make it a habit).

{%include bi_table.html is="amelia-charlotte.jpeg; grand-wolf-lodge-1.jpeg" %}

Before Zach got COVID, we were able to use our zoo membership - one more time and we break even!

{%include bi_table.html is="family-zoo.jpeg;zoo-kids.jpeg;amelia-zoo.jpeg" %}

Tori is a prop master, which means she makes stuff for plays. Sometimes it looks really tasty. Tori is also a cat collector, here are three of them. (Musical cars is like musical chairs, but with our cars and limited in front of the house parking):

{%include bi_table.html is="pot-roast.jpeg;lots-of-cats.jpeg" %}

Even though Tori was super busy at work, she still made time to make the kids easter baskets. Tori is an amazing woman, mother, and professional.

{%include bi_table.html is="amelia-glasses.jpeg;dad-amelia-easter.jpeg;amelia-easter.jpeg" %}

Amazingly, even though it was a vacation, Igor was able to maintain his weight (though he still has 4 more lbs to lose this month), also amazingly even though Igor had COVID he was totally energized?!? Several days he got up at 5, and went for an outdoor walk (can't go to the gym since isolating), and yesterday he got up early and went for a run!!!!

Have a great year and remember: _Have a kid? Give 'em COVID_ ZiaT
