---
layout: post
title: Achievement Unlocked - Ballooner!
date: 2022-04-20
week: 621
fj: True
tags:
  - family-journal
  - achievement
---

One of my favorite things to do is bring Joy to others. I'm not sure why I wasn't into balloons before, but now I am, and they are awesome!!! Here's a little video of some of my early balloons!

### Two weeks into ballooning

If you know me, the thing I'm best at is going all in, here's me after 2 weeks of ballooning.

{% include youtube.html src="aRy86UE9QZ8" %}

### The genesis at 5am

- As a kid was able to make a simple balloon dog.
- Not sure why, but I didn't do balloons till Zach was 12 (OMG - What a waste!!)
- For last 10 years people asked me if I could pull a rabbit from a hat.
- A Sunday after Zach's 12th birthday, I woke up at 5am, and though maybe I'll make a rabbit balloon.
- I kept doing it for the next 5 hours.

### First time at the 2pm

- Came with Amelia working on my rabbit
- Kids started coming up to me, asking to make a Cow, or a Monkey, or a something else
- I'd keep repeating, I can make a dog, on the 4th try, they'd say OK - can you make me a dog
- Then I got braver, and when kids asked for UFO, I'd make something that looked nothing like a UFO, and the kid would look at me and cock their head, checking if I was trying to trick them. After 30 seconds of me holding my composure, the kid would run off thrilled with her UFO
- Then a kid asked for a bunny, and I tried making one (recall just starting out this morning), and it was aweful, but the kid was thrilled.

### If you want to get into ballooning

- Get Qualatex balloons way better
- Get 6" hearts, goes better with everything
- My amazing pump - <https://amzn.to/3M0rv8m>
- Practice, Practice, Practice.
