---
layout: post
title: Week 628AZ - Zach Comedy Class, and why I love living in Seattle
date: 2022-05-30
week: 628
fj: True
tags:
  - family-journal
---

During Covid, I was getting rather grumpy about living in the city. After all, with everything closed, and cooped up a house that's small (because real estate prices are high) it's hard to remember how awesome living in the city is. But this week, the glory of city life shined through.

All times listed by electric bike :) I work right downtown (20 minutes from home), my gym is on the way to work (10m from home, 10m from work), and Zach had a camp at Seattle Center (25 minutes from home, 5 minutes from work). Luckily like father like son (in so many ways), and Zach wanted to ride not public transit, but Igor Transit (his joke for riding on the back of my bike).

{%include bi_table.html is="zach-on-bike-1.jpeg;zach-dad.jpeg;zach-on-bike-2.jpeg" %}

To grasp how awesome my location is, you need to see these maps of my daily activities taken by bike. The right one is a day where I went to the gym, took Zach to camp, then went to work, then home, the took Amelia to the park, and then took her for ice cream after the park (all on my bike). The left is one where I did gym (though was lazy and drove), work, home greenlake. What you can't see well in these photos is there are lots of different paths I can get around, many of which having different views of the lake.

{%include bi_table.html is="bike-zach-work.jpeg;bike-greenlake.jpeg" %}

Zach's camp was a for video creation. Not only did he enjoy making videos, and have a very sharp sense of humor, but he was an editor extraordinaire. To set context, Zach is 12, and the other group's videos were kids hitting each others with sticks (don't worry, this video is private):

{% include youtube.html src="Xtqca8hEhXM" %}

The camp and bike combo was INCREDIBLE:

A few days during Zach's camp we got to Seattle Center early and just hung out for an hour, drinking coffee, writing, and Zach had his favorite strawberry Acai Starbucks drink.

After Zach's camp was over, we got to watch his video on the big screen eating popcorn, after which we celebrated by going down to the pike place market. Zach ordered the best chowder in Seattle (and he is a sommelier of chowder), and we got 6 dollar each peaches! While said peaches were totally over priced they did leave our shirts (and hands) covered in incredibly tasty peach juice.

My health journey continues, I've lost my first 30 lbs, dropping below 200, my lowest weight it the past 3 years (Since [May 2019](https://github.com/idvorkin/jupyter/blob/master/Weight%20Analysis.ipynb))! Being a fan of the intense, while I work on recovering my wrists, you can see my intense grippers, and while I work on my mobility, you can see my intense foam roller and peanut ball (if you've never used a peanut ball, OMG, that's intense).

{%include bi_table.html is="grippers.jpeg;rollers.jpeg;200-lbs.jpeg" %}

Lets not forget Amelia, she's adorable as usual, here she is making me hot chocolate for our date, and sharing Zach glory for his film premier.

{%include bi_table.html is="amelia-hot-chocolate.jpeg;zach-amelia.jpeg" %}

Any whoo ....

Have a great year and remember:_Take your kind of the back of your bike, that's something he'll really like_ - ZiaT
