---
layout: post
title: Week 630AZ - Reruns
date: 2022-06-05
week: 630
fj: True
tags:
  - family-journal
---

Some days I'm too lazy to write a blog post, but I did write up a magical memory. And I also made some progress on my balloons, here you go ...

**People ...**

{%include bi_table.html is="amelia-wolf.jpeg;dad.jpeg;zach_dog.jpeg" %}

**Balloons ...**

{%include bi_table.html is="blaster.jpeg;mermaid.jpeg;clive.jpeg" %}

**A magical memory ....**

I like to do magic at bars, slightly drunk people seem to enjoy it more. To celebrate our 20 interns going back to college, we went to the bar across the street.

As usual, I was doing magic. On that day, I was doing my "I want you to imagine the card is in my pocket", and the card would appear in my pocket.

After warming up by doing the magic for a few interns, I went to the bathroom (I do that a lot). As I came out the bathroom door, the waitress gestured me over and said _"my boyfriend is a magician and does a way better version of that ... wanna try it?"_

"Always" I said, and she told me what to do. I went back to the table and Jeff, a cocky intern, told me he was gonna "catch me doing the magic". (If you're wondering, magicians hate that, it ruins it for everyone). _"Sounds great"_ I replied, and got the attention the other interns to see the magic.

I asked Jeff to sign the card and place it in the deck. I then asked Jeff to concentrate on my right pocket, and when he did, the card appeared in the right pocket. Next I asked Jeff to concentrate on my left pocket. But the card wasn't there.

When the card wasn't there, I told Jeff this magic is foolproof. If the card wasn't in my pocket, then you must have been concentrating on something else. Jeff rolled his eyes, giving me the "you're crappy at magic" look. Before he could open his mouth I said _"Jeff, look I know you're skeptical, but this magic is bulletproof. The only way that card isn't in my pocket is if you were concentrating on something else. What were you concentrating on?"_ Jeff was going to answer when the waitress made a startled sound, and started patting her blouse. To Jeff's surprise, and everyone else's entertainment, the signed card was in the waitress's blouse. Jeff turned very, very, very purple.

**Any whoo ....**

Have a great year and remember:_Magic is fun, do it then run_ - ZiaT
