---
layout: post
title: Week 631AZ - Biking, it's in the genes
date: 2022-06-12
week: 631
fj: True
tags:
  - family-journal
---

"Dad, I think I got the biking gene from you. Also, I got the "woohoo" gene, cuz we both like to say woohoo!" Said Amelia as we did a 2 mile (3 km) bike ride to the Japanese garden and back. The next day, I bribed Zach with a humbow at the Pike place market, and we took, non public transit, but Igor Transit to get there. Igor Transit is my bike.

Biking is great cuz you get to stop any time you want and smell the roses, though in this case it was stopping to see a gnome house with Amelia and a Popsicle with Zach. And, I splurged and got myself a cool identity-affirming shirt too.

{%include bi_table.html is="amelia-gnome.jpeg;biking-shirt.jpeg;zach-popsicle.jpeg" %}

In other news this week Zach ran for Vice President of the student body and I made my first espresso at work (Woohoo!), and the kids teamed up Friday night to make "Super Dumplings".

{%include bi_table.html is="espresso.jpeg; dumplings.jpeg; vp.jpeg" %}

I've been really focusing on my physical health the last few months, and my physical health has really been improving. My wrist is much better, I can almost do a pull-up, and my weight is back to pre-pandemic levels (down 25 lbs since January!). Still lots of work to go so I can't take my pedal off the gas, but nice to celebrate the wins!

Any whoo ....

Have a great year and remember:_Want to lose weight? No Cheating. Stop eating._ - ZiaT
