---
layout: post
title: Week 632AZ - FREMONT PARADE - Summer is finally here
date: 2022-06-18
week: 632
fj: True
tags:
  - family-journal
---

HELLO my name is Amelia Dvorkin and I’m Igor’s daughter and today I’m writing THE FAMILY JOURNAL I went to the Fremont Solstice parade AND I SAW HEKING NAKED PEOPLE. I mean I respect them and all, its just it makes me uncomfortable. I at least liked the parade, we biked there. But I will say the naked people did look like they had a lot of fun.

**Wow, Amelia wrote (and typed up) her first family journal entry!!!** Fremont Parade is one of my favorite things, but Amelia's first journal entry blows it out of the water! Notice I'm in my unicorn onesie and Amelia's wearing one of my cool flashy jackets. As if all that wasn't good enough, Amelia warmed my heart when she said, "Hey dad, how come we're not in the parade? We should be in it next year".

{%include bi_table.html is="fremont-parade.jpeg;mushroom-rock.jpeg" %}

As Amelia said, we biked down to the parade but it was super crowded so I locked up my bike and left the bubbles on. After Amelia and I saw the parade, we got back to the bike and there were a ton of kids really enjoying it. Warmed my heart, double warmed my heart when this father with a thick Russian accent (something I always have a soft spot for) stopped me and thanked me for doing some nice things for his children.

{%include youtube.html src="1NWsE-P7_VA" %}

Even though I aspire to make my own weather, the weather has been objectively crappy so easy to forget it's summer. Except berries! And, unrelated, we've started going to the theater for movies - only 6\$ on Tuesday - WOW! Here we are with 3D glasses:

{%include bi_table.html is="blueberries.jpeg;3d-movies.jpeg;raspberries.jpeg" %}

Any whoo ....

Have a great year and remember:_Only thing better then kid at parade, is family journal by Amelia made_ - ZiaT
