---
layout: post
title: Week 646 AZ - Kids activities are always worth it.
date: 2022-09-14
week: 646
fj: True
tags:
  - family-journal
---

The last 7 days the kids have been pretty grumpy, after all the teachers are on strike, and every day we hope we're gonna take them to school, but instead, we just get stuck in a loop, with the school isn't restarting. Today, the kids are heading back to school.

I'm busy at work. The last few weeks I've been focused on squeezing as much out of summer as I can. I assumed a week ago the kids would be back at school, and I'd be able to put that extra energy into work. But the teachers were on strike, so I was coming home a touch early, to a grumpy family.

After a week of being told "school could start tomorrow" I'd given up hope, and committed to get work early so I could get caught up. But, finally the teachers reached an agreement and school was going to start today. I went back and forth - would I get to work early like I'd wanted, or would I take the kids to school, it was their first day on the bus.

As I did my cardio at the gym (at 6), I remembered there's lots of work, but not that many first days of school, so I came home post gym, ready to squeeze in a meditation before the kids get walked to bus stop.

But the kids would have none of it, they wanted to wait for the bus early. They were up early, and dressed themselves, and bouncing to get to the bus. In fact, Zach even took a shower the night before (I didn't realize he'd actually taken a shower before - great for him!!)

We walked to the bus stop together, and just talked excitedly for 20 minutes while we hung out waiting for the bus. It was amazing, the kids talked and I did my funny stretches and balance exercises. I think the kids were embarrassed, but that's the way it is having an eccentric dad.

A very long winded way to say kids moments are limited, work is unlimited. Take a hit at work to enjoy your family - it's worth it.

Have a great day and remember: _If the kids find it great, don't it's value underestimate_ - ZiaT
