---
layout: post
title: Week 647 AZ - Dating, Blacksmithing, Making Movies, and Kissing Alpacas
date: 2022-09-30
week: 647
fj: True
tags:
  - family-journal
---

Super fun week... Augmented by a calendar!

Most importantly, as a younger man I hated calendars, and structure. I still don't love them, but I have limited decision making/discipline energy/capability per day, and when I'm out, I just vegitate. So TL;DR figure out what you want, and schedule it. Then don't think about ...

My new calendar **TODO: Move this to its own post**...


| Day | Early AM         | Evening |
|-----|------------------|---------|--|
| M   | Crazy Early Work | Free    |
| T   | Trainer | Amelia Date    |
| W   | Stair Climber | Zach Date    |
| Th   | Self Gym | Magic  w/Clive |
| F   | Run| Movie Night  |
| Sa   | [l1](l1) | Free  |
| Su   | [l2](l2) | Free  |


- l1
- Trainer
- Coffee Shop Writing

<div/>
- l2
- Stretching/Free Gym
- Coffee Shop
- Weekly Journal
- Family Blog Post



Zach Date - We made a movie!!! Mind boggling Zach's skills. He just took me to the park, told me what to do for a bit. Then came home and editted it into a movie in 30 minutes. Mind boggling. Part of our date was also going to Amazon Fresh to grab some food - that was really fun as well.

{% include youtube.html src="EU7Yd0ENczU" %}

Amelia Date - We've been doing these for a while, but have been skiping, great to get this back on the calendar!

Magic w/Clive - Went to our favorite bar, didn't actually do magic (takes a while to build back courage), but felt fantastic seeing it back to normal

Blacksmithing - Nothing to do with my calendar, but we did a work event where we got to pound steal at a blacksmith shop (trivia: Somewhere in my bloodlines was a black smith).

Running - I normally am adhoc about my gym calendar, but now i'm goning to do it on a calendar so I can blend running in (and running has been working great).

Kid Activities - Tori ,of course, uses a calendar and on the calendar this weekened was an amazing farm where we got to feedback and play with Alpaca's, Sheep, Goats and ducks, amazing.





Have a great day and remember: _If the kids find it great, don't it's value underestimate_ - ZiaT
