---
layout: post
title: Week 653 AZ - Welcome back, 50lbs lighter edition!
date: 2022-10-30
week: 653
fj: True
tags:
  - family-journal
---
I'll skip the excuses for the past few missed blog posts. I've got a bunch of backlogged content that I'll bash out so I'm ready to go for the halloween 2022 post. One huge milestone this week, I finally crossed 50lbs off my waist line (180lbs from 230 at the start of the year!).


### Zach ...

{%include bi_table.html is="zach-sandwich.jpg;zach-d-and-d.jpg" %}

Took to learning Latin, but I think he put that on hold.
Broke his arm 3 weeks ago, but it has been healing and now he's out of his sling!   Zach, always a joker, liked to say:

* "I'm so funny I broke my humorous(upper arm bone)"
* OMG, my handwriting is already impossible to read with my right hand, what's going to happen with my left.

After almost a year of trying to schoo Zach out of the living room lazy boy chair (sitting in the matching lazy boy chair is kind of my kryptonite) Zach has migrated to my office, and now lives in here almost permanently watching youtube, gaming, running D&D campaigns and working!

In fact, I tried to ask Zach to help co-write this blog post, but he tells me has been procrastinating his school project and as a result has to hustle to get it done. Pretty amazing actually - we're feet apart with our headphones, listening to our youtube music, creating in our ways... Woah kid, awesome seeing you grow up.

Zach's really into D&D, he loves being a dungeon master and has been trying to organize his friends into a virtual game - though organizing a bunch of 12 year olds to play 3 hour D&D campaigns is tough, but he's gotten a few games together already.

### Amelia ...

{%include bi_table.html is="amelia-costume.jpg;amelia-dad-glasses.jpg" %}

Amelia is at a sleepover this weekend, which is awesome as she was having some trouble with sleepovers earlier, glad she's over it! Amelia also has an amazing halloween costume, and she's started making youtube movies (just like the rest of the family, well except for Tori):

Her channel is [here](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUmXIPM9XtmEQKUg48D_ecg) and one of her first videos, it's possible I'm one of the characters but I'm not so sure...

{%include youtube.html src="zp6nP_okzqc" %}

### Igor ...

Health wise, I hit a weight milestone, I'm 180lbs, that's down 50 lbs since the start of the year! WOW! I'm also looking to get into kettlebells. As such, I did my first 100 kettlebell swings in 10 minutes, then did 10 turkish get ups, then 3 rounds of deficit pushups and assisted pullups, all in under an hour! If you don't know what kettlebells are, they're like a rock with a handle. Exactly what you'd expect Russians to use to workout. I don't have a photo of me doing kettlebells, but here's me doing pullups.

(I'm not taking these videos because I'm vain (though I can be), it turns out when I do pull ups I tend to pull harder with my right shoulder (resulting in bicep tendinitis) so I take videos to make sure I'm pulling evenly)

{%include youtube.html src="jws_cm5YTJQ" %}

Have a great day and remember: _When your blogging stops, don't worry about rhyming, just restart_ - ZiaT

