---
layout: post
title: Week 662 AZ - Zach Programming, Amelia Biking, Igor grinding through performance reviews
date: 2023-01-14
week: 662
fj: True
tags:
  - family-journal
---

Dang, another great week! Zach is now keeping me awake so we can get programming time. Amelia got back on her bike, then got me back on my bike so we could bike to Boba, and then made me make balloons for a family there. I even got out my folding bike and threw it in the back of the Rav so Tori could give me a ride home when I met her at work. I am also half way through reviews, which feels great!

Amelia went biking, then we biked to Boba ... and we also took a stab at reaction videos ...
_(Yup, my editing skills are improving)_

{%include youtube.html src="48GTE8YWZa0" %}

We also started making some reaction videos, pretty darn fun!

{%include youtube.html src="d3LKKypDxwA" %}

Zach and I spent like an hour or 2 a day programming, and we also have been watching watch man (amazing series if you've never seen it). Zach has been working on a "hitman market" bot, and he's pushing me to help him write it, a welcome change from me pushing him. Yesterday we even pair programmed with 2 computers using Visual Studio Code Live Share -- awesome!

TODO: Photos with Zach! Photo with Amelia on her Bike

{%include bi_table.html is="amelia-dad.jpg;multiply.jpg;smoothies.jpg;" %}

I also found a new perspective on meditation. The meditation I've been doing is really a follow your breath meditation, which trains concentration. An alternative I've been explorig is more of an awareness meditation. So instead of bringing my attntion back to the breath, I observe there is a thought, and that's it's just an ephemoral thought. It's a different apporach. Looking forwar to writing more about it later!

And last but not least, it's review season at work. All that early prep work I did has really paid off. One and half more hard weeks and I'm done for another year!

Have a great week, and remember:

If Zach and I get some coding time <br/>
It's sure a great week, it's sublime

_Amelia on her bike we'll take <br/>
To Boba, balloons we'll make_

_My folding bike I'll carry too <br/>
Riding in our Rav car view_

_Our editing skills are really good <br/>
Reaction vids now we should_

_Making the hitman Bot our programming skills grow <br/>
A welcome push, it starts to show_

_Meditation then changes too <br/>
New approach, another view_

_Review prep I've done well; reviews I'm half way through <br/>
One and half more hard weeks and I'm done, 'till the next year I'll do._

_ZiaT!_
