---
layout: post
title: Week 663 AZ - Beards, and Biking
date: 2023-01-21
week: 663
fj: True
tags:
  - family-journal
---

This week I embraced being vain, and got some great shots of the kids, and was chastised by the state troopers.

See all the [photos](https://photos.app.goo.gl/6oAtRCffCdZFKX176)

I'm a lazy guy, shaving was too much work, and I rarely did it. But then, slowly, my beard got grayer, and grayer. I didn't like it. I'm no fool, I realize no one cares but me. But, I'm me! For me a grey beard is associated with lower energy, and having energy is my aspiration. So, I had to overcome my laziness and shave every few days. This worked fine till this winter. See i bike daily, and it's been really cold. Turns out nature solved men getting cold faces. We grow fur to solve this. But then I had an issue. My beard was super grey. So the fix? Beard Dye! A super pain in the but, but hey man, better then being cold, or being low energy.

TODO: Add Beard Photos

Tori's play is on, so she's super busy, and we're all cooking for ourselves. Though she's been kind enough to make us food to cook. Me and Zach got to make Burgers

{%include youtube.html src="bbI-HmrOLIY" %}

Not that my manners are great when Tori's around, but they can get worse!

{%include youtube.html src="-BiYgWFHhKA" %}

This weekend was a rare event, the highway bridge by our house was closed. This was a once in every 2 year opportunity to bike across the bridge when it's quiet! Zach hadn't been on his bike for a while, but he hopped on to take the opportunity! He tells me his ass (and possibly his forewarms) were super sore the next day.

We rode across on the sidewalk, but then I wanted a video of riding on the high way. I got a fair ways then I heard sirens. I quickly jumped back over the barrier, but the cop was not impressed. Any whoo, no one got arrested and it was fun

TODO - Add biking photos

Have a great week, and remember:

As I stepped out to embrace being vain, <br/>
My kids' pics I tried to obtain,

When the state troopers saw, <br/>
They didn't pause to withdraw, <br/>
Their stern looks and frowns remained.

To get ready to bike across the bridge, <br/>
The kids were quite ready, their hearts full s'ridge, <br/>
But state troopers say, <br/>
Riding the highway in the way, <br/>
It was a courageous act and it's like a midge. <br/>

We all tasted burgers, with apathetic smidgen, <br/>
Just enough to fill our stomachs to the midgen

When Toris play was done and then<br/>
I had more time to ride around and then, <br/>
The bridge was finally closed, <br/>
On the highway across the road, <br/>
It was the perfect chance to show the kids I can.

The cold winter's whiskers fur kept me warmer, <br/>
But the grey beard kept me from turning far from a former, <br/>

I had to dye my bearded feelings, <br/>
To match my wants and my energy, <br/>
Otherwise I would have felt more like a farmer! <br/>

_ZiaT!_
