---
layout: post
title: Week 680 AZ - Chaperone Camp Coleman, SUV Bike with Folding Kayak, Trip to MPK!
date: 2023-05-20
week: 680
fj: True
tags:
  - family-journal
---

Wow, this was a packed week! I was a chaperone at Camp Coleman for Amelia. I got my bike trailer so I can go kayaking without fighting with parking, and I took a trip to Menlo Park where I gave an awesome presentation about AI. Zach had his first improv showcase, and Tori's reputation precedes her as she's getting asked to help out at other theaters! Oh yeah, and I got back to doing magic!!! My wrist didn't hurt, and I did about 20 magic tricks for folks!! And it was Kettlebell Hanukkah at my hotel.

Public Service Announcement: Nothing is more important than kids' events. Do what you need to so that you can attend them! This week was a great example! We had our quarterly get-together in Menlo Park, but I was chaperoning Amelia's camp, so I had to skip the first 3 days of that. Back to our story!

Amelia's grade 3 class went to Camp Coleman, and I got to be a chaperone. It was awesome! There were like 90 kids, and I got to help coral them!! To get the kids' attention, the counselors do this call-response, and I really wanted to try it. Luckily, some grown-ups encouraged me. Here's what it looks like:

{% include youtube.html src="kyU3ds7Ub_I" %}

Amelia and I had an absolute blast. Here is some of the stuff we did:

{% include bi_table.html is="a_d.jpg; a_d_paddle.jpg; amelia_climbing.jpg;" %}

My co-chaperones, Amelia, and me on some logs:

{% include bi_table.html is="dad_log.jpg; grown_ups.jpg; amelia_log.jpg;" %}

Let's not forget! He wears a tie to school now, and this week he finished his first Improv class (which he loves and is great at), and we got to see his showcase. Amazing what a bunch of 13-year-olds can do!

{% include bi_table.html is="z_d_tie.jpg; zach_dad.jpg;" %}

I also unlocked another bucket list item, getting a bike trailer so I can take my kayak to the water. Of course, I couldn't set it up myself. Tori was gracious enough to help me set it up, even though she had brutal allergies.

{% include bi_table.html is="bike_trailer.jpg; trailer_amelia.jpg;" %}

Lastly, I took a trip to Menlo Park. Last time, I took a 10 PM flight, which got me to my hotel at 1 AM, which sucked as I wake up at 4:30 AM. Instead, I'm far better off taking a 5 AM flight, which has me getting up at 3:30, which has me a touch tired but feeling great!

I love doing Kettlebell workouts, I do them daily, and I'm just over coming an injury and thrilled to be able to restart. Usually hotel gyms don'th have kettlebels, but this one did! It had exactly 1 kettlebell, and that kettlevell was the exact weight I needed! It was like the Kettlebell Hannnukah

Magic: OMG - Finally after slews of work on my shoulders and wrists, and daily stretching and grip work, my wrists barely hurt and I was able to do slews of magic!!!

Let me lay out my week:

- Monday 5 AM - Gym
- Monday 9 AM - Wednesday 3 PM: Camp chaperone for Amelia
- Wednesday 3 PM - 9 PM: Camp chaperone for Amelia
- Thursday 3:30 AM: Wakeup for my flight
- Thursday 3:35 AM: Double-check my travel documents and realize I have Zach's nexus card, not mine
- Thursday 3:37 AM: Wake up Tori in a panic, and she fixes me right up
- Thursday 3:45 AM: Take an Uber to the airport
- Thursday 4:00 AM - 7:20 AM: Start working on my presentation for work, continue on the flight
- Thursday 9:00 AM - Finish presentation, take a shower
- Thursday 9:20 AM - While showering, realize I can make my presentation 200% better
- Thursday 9:30 AM - Rewrite 50% of my presentation
- Thursday 10:00 AM - Give presentation to 30 people, which got a 10/10 review!
- Thursday 8:00 PM - Skip the free warm coookies at the hotel
- Friday 5:00 AM - Go to hotel gym, where amazingly the 1 kettlebell they have is the weight I need. Do my full workout
- Friday 6:30 AM - Go to hotel pool and hot tub. Man, great being spoiled
- Friday 9:00 AM - 4:00 PM - Literally have 13 half-hour 1:1s. Do lots of magic. Lose my voice.
- Friday 5:00 PM - 8:00 PM - Randomly bike through Menlo Park and Palo Alto, take 2 hours to get to Stanford, which is literally 10 minutes away by bike.
- Saturday 9:00 AM - Didn't realize how tired I was, slept 11 hours. Full Workout, Pool, Hottub
- Saturday 12:00 PM - Wander around Palo Alto, only requiring a 15 minute walk
- Saturday 2:00 PM - Airport for flight back home.

Have a great week and remember, treasure the moments, create memories like cement. -ZiaT!
