---
layout: post
title: Week 681AZ - Zach's Improv; Amelia's Art; And Igor getting some programming time.
date: 2023-05-28
week: 681
fj: True
tags:
  - family-journal
---

After last week's packed schedule, I slowed down this week! Here's a blog post to keep me in the habit.

We got to watch Zach's improv showcase, which was pretty sweet! Zach's a natural (check my YouTube for the videos). Afterwards, we celebrated with a HUGE dinner!

{% include bi_table.html is="z_improv.jpg; z_improv_2.jpg; big_dinner.jpg" %}

We also got to see Amelia's recorder showcase. I didn't get a good photo, but she's in the second row from the top, under the boy in the red shirt. We also got to see her art, but I'm not sure which one is hers.

{% include bi_table.html is="recorder.jpg; amelia_art.jpg; art_monster.jpg;" %}

I knew traffic and parking would be tough, and traffic would suck getting to school for an evening event. It was a potluck, and I wanted to bring a lot of watermelon. What should I have done? Gotten my bike trailer, of course!! Humorously, someone asked me if lots of people biked. Of course not. It was only me. But God, was I happy!

{% include bi_table.html is="bike_watermelon.jpg; bike_watermelon_2.jpg;" %}

And here are some random photos to round out the mix. Zach has gotten into pocket rings, I like hearts, and Amelia and I took out my rings for the first time (I got rings for exercise).

{% include bi_table.html is="d_a_rings.jpg; i_heart.jpg; z_time.jpg;" %}

Oh, and this long weekend I played with some AI programming. Pretty fun for my tech friends:

{% include youtube.html src="lq_7Vsq7p6M" %}
{% include youtube.html src="i4snLCRyYIQ" %}

(Damn, great poem GPT)
Have a great week and remember: _Improv and art, moments we share, cherish memories, in life's joyful flare._ -ZiaT!
