---
layout: post
title: Achievement Unlocked - Meditation Habit
date: 2023-07-01
week: 685
fj: True
tags:
  - family-journal
  - accomplishemnt
---

"Igor, I was in Seattle the other day, and I saw a meditation bench with your name on it." And so began my 30-minute-a-day meditation practice! I'm on day 21, which means over 10 hours of meditation in the last month! For day 21, I woke up at 4:30 am (no free lunch, I go to bed at 8 pm), went to the beach and watched the sunrise as I meditated.

{% include bi_table.html is="shikhar.jpg;bench.jpg;sunrise.jpg;" %}

I've been trying to build a [meditation practice](/siy) for years, maybe even decades. I've come close a few times, at my best I've gotten up to 15 minutes a day. In the last 21 days, getting in 30 minutes a day has been effortless. It's even cooler as my default schedule is now wake up at 4:30, meditate for 30 minutes, then hit the gym for a 5:30 workout for 2 hours, then hit the coffee shop for 30 minutes, then at work by 8:30! Now that's something I'm proud of!

The story of how I got here is a touch interesting ...

I met a new guy at work who was super competent technically, off the chart calm, and I noticed he'd posted something about meditation. I mentioned I was pretty interested in meditation and we set up a call to chat about it. He asked me what I was looking for, and I mentioned I have a coach in every aspect of my life, except for meditation, and maybe that's why I can't establish a habit. He mentioned he was a meditation coach, and I thought that's pretty interesting, but nothing came of it.

As it happens, two weeks later he was in Seattle for work, (but I was in MPK for work). When we got back from our respective trips he sent me a text, let's do a call. On the call he said "Igor, you won't believe it, I went to do my meditation in the office, and I saw a bench with a familiar name on it, so I looked it up, sure enough it was yours".

He then offered to do a 10-hour private meditation course. I was both honored, and naturally skeptical. In my normal (would be better off without) say what I'm thinking style, I said.

_Sure! BTW, My math on this course thingy. Worst case, I burn 10 hours forced thinking about meditation I don't enjoy. Best case, get a practice I enjoy to do consistently. Middle ground, I get inspired, do something consistent for a few months, and have a new arrow in my quiver_

But conveniently he is armed with off the chart calm, and calmly responded:

_My job is to help you hit best case scenario 2 but I'll be content with scenario 3_

A month later, it's hard to call it, but I suspect I'm on scenario 2.

A huge thank you to Shikhar Dua for teaching me the [SKY method](https://event.us.artofliving.org/us-en/online-course-2/?utm1&gc_id=6511692140&gad=1&gclid=CjwKCAjwlJimBhAsEiwA1hrp5rmwAo9WqeB6HLp9lLLa3JhPVsdntvdVYO8ZlbthBkpXlJNGaDb-ihoCzYcQAvD_BwE)

### Q&A

#### Do you recommend it?

Totally, nothing to lose, and so much to gain. That said, I know another engineer who took the course, and he didn't enjoy it.

#### What is the method, what is different from what you did before?

The high-order difference is it's effortless to do 30 minutes, and you feel super calm.

The method starts with various cyclic breathing exercises. I don't know the physics, but there are a few nice properties:

- The cyclic breathing requires active attention at the start so your attention is stable, till your mind calms down and becomes naturally stable
- There are both long calming breathing cycles, and short hyperventilating cycles, I suspect this contrast helps you go deeper.
- Post meditation, you are super calm and can stay there as long as you want.

#### How will you merge this with your other meditation ideas?

Not sure yet, but this is a sound base, perhaps this is the warm-up regardless of what I want to do.

#### How do I sign up?

## <https://us.iahv.org/portfolio/sky-meditation/>
