---
layout: post
title: Week 708AZ - Sick, and ready for the holidays
date: 2023-12-01
week: 708
fj: True
tags:
  - family-journal
---

The week had a strong start with Black Nativitiy (highly recommended), but ended with the whole family coming down with a cold. So pretty slow and boring. High hopes for next week as work will have ground to halt as many folks are on holiday vacation, and the kids are home from school.

I asked Zach what we should write about, and he said, nothing really happened this week. Lame, but true.

I also hadn't taken many photos, luckily the kids were home. ILiterally snapped these 3 minutes ago as I didn't take many photos this week:

{%include bi_table.html is="a_d.jpg; z_d.jpg;" %}

And while I was looking for more photos, our house is slightly out of whack. We have the tree_room, the no_toilet_room, and of course the everythign on the outside room:

{%include bi_table.html is="porch.jpg; tree_room.jpg; no-toilet-room.jpg" %}

What is Black Nativtiy? It'sa play that Tori worked on, featuring gospel music, jesus, and a bunch of interactive christmas carols. I loved it, and will likely see it again. It's also at one of my favorite theatre's in Seattle (Broadway peformance hall), which has a secret feature of really small punny bathroom grafitti (zoom in too read tehem). And you can see Amelia and Zach are getting much bigger (I'll get a better shot next week)

{%include bi_table.html is="grout_1.jpg; z_a.jpg; grout_2.jpg; ;" %}

On the Igor side, I'm recovering from a back injury, which sucks. I'm mostly pain free, but my kettlebell swings are severely limited (only 4x24 kg) while I desentize my back. Thankfully, I can still do my TGU's, and I'm now at (2x32 kg, 3x28 kg). The other good thing, is every time I have a body injury I become more aware of a sloppy technique, and fix it.

I also got into some programming this weekend, excited to build a best friend simulator. Of course, before that could happen, many yaks needed to be shaved. I had to make a few fixes to langchain to enable reading iMessage history [1](https://github.com/langchain-ai/langchain/pull/14804) and [2](https://github.com/langchain-ai/langchain/pull/14818) and I had to upgrade from [lint-staged to pre-commit](https://github.com/idvorkin/idvorkin.github.io/commit/5549d06fff6e369d4a13079b4d2f68bfdde91668), and from black to ruff, and then make everything [clean for ruff](https://github.com/idvorkin/nlp/commits/main/?since=2023-12-16&until=2023-12-17) oh my oh my. No wonder I never got off my butt this morning.

Have a great week, and remember, "From playdate vows to breakfast's treat, life's unplanned moments can be sweet." - _ZiaT_
