---
layout: post
title: Jump in the Lake Day 2024 - Hot cocoa edition
date: 2024-01-01
week: 714
fj: True
tags:
  - family-journal
  - jump-in-the-lake-day
---

It's Jump in the Lake Day 2024 - that day we kick off the year by saying F@#\$ the resistance!! This year Amelia dipped her proverbial toe in the water, and I brought us a hot chocolate toast! Sharing is caring, so when I saw someone who didn't have a family to plunge with drying off alone, I brought them a shot of hot cocoa to enjoy. To quote them - a very good omen indeed!

{%include bi_table.html is="z_a_b.jpg; d_cold.jpg; z_d.jpg;" %}

{%include youtube.html src="i5Q5BZ5ILxY" %}

See last year [here](/ig66/660) and last last year [here](/ig66/603), and the first one [here](https://ig66.blogspot.com/2012/01/polar-bear-swim-thats-way-to-start-year.html).

Reflecting and a thought for the year: Last year was a great year where I built many new skills like AI, kettlebells, 30-minute meditation, and leaving work stress at work. I also deepened my relationship with the family, which is very satisfying.

I intellectually realized and understood the importance of ritual and schedule, this year I'm going to try to embrace them, and reach my goals through sustainable effort instead of extreme intensity - wish me luck!

**Have a great year and remember:**

- Jump in the Lake Day, a time to be bold,
- Into the chilly waters, brave and cold.

- The lessons of time, now clearly in sight,
- Embrace routine, with all of our might.

- For in each scheduled step, and in every small win,
- Lies the path to success, waiting to begin.

_ZiaT_
