---
layout: post
title: Achievement Unlocked- Yellow Deli
date: 2024-02-10
week: 717
fj: True
tags:
  - family-journal
  - achievement
redirect_from:
  - /yellow-deli
---

"I ask you a question. When your answer makes no sense, I ask you more questions". It was a dark and stormy night, and the Canadian border agent was not happy with my answer. 2 minutes earlier Border Guard: "Why are you coming to Canada?" Igor: "To go to the yellow Deli!" Guard: "What, you drove 3 hours for a sandwich?" Igor: "6 hours we're coming back tonight. But. Yes, it's run by a Jewish cult!". ... After many questions concerning gun ownership, switchblades, and unsavory characters the guard let us pass. On the way back, having experienced the yellow deli, I was filled with conviction on how great the experience was, and gave the guard the directions to get there.

This was part of my 2024 winter break:

{%include summarize-page.html src="/timeoff-2024-02" %}

You should also read [Zach's version of this adventure](/ig66/718)

{%include bi_table.html is="zach-cup.jpg; i-z-sign.jpg; igor-cup.jpg;" %}

### How Zach discovered the yellow deli

### The Tesla needed to charge, and so did I

{%include blob_image_float_right.html src="blog/tesla_sleep.jpg" %}

### Add stuff

Magic tricks:

- Flipping someone's cards
- Server wanting grace

- Atmosphere
- Sleeping in the back of the Tesla
- The giant Walmart
- The crazy back roads

### 6 hours talking about tons of blog topics like

{%include summarize-page.html src="/anger" %}
{%include summarize-page.html src="/compassion" %}
{%include summarize-page.html src="/sublime" %}
{%include summarize-page.html src="/mental-pain" %}

**Have a great day and remember:**

Over the hump with reviews we hop, Crossing t's with workouts non-stop.

Goals in mind, sunrises and fun intertwined.

_ZiaT_
