---
layout: post
title: Week 719AZ - Crusader Kings III - Zach's favorite game today!
date: 2024-02-12
week: 719
fj: True
tags:
  - family-journal
---

I (Zach) like video games. That’s not a secret or anything, I just figure it’s worth stating. Recently, I’ve discovered a very fun video game, Crusader Kings III. The premise of the game is that you are a medieval ruler or vassal (think count, duke, king, etc.) who tries to dominate the medieval world. You play three separate games in one:

Today's family journal is a guest post by you guessed in Mr. Zach Dvorkin

{%include bi_table.html is="z-d-2.jpg; zach_matrix.jpg;z-d.jpg" %}

**Managing your domain**

As a ruler, you control large swathes of territory. These lands need to be managed, developed, and protected. Invest in the local economy or beef up your defenses, the choice is yours. When you (hopefully) become a mighty king or emperor, it becomes difficult to manage all of your land directly. Instead, you install vassals who act as mini-rulers under your control. These vassals, like you, only have their own interests at heart. They will plot and scheme to secure themselves power. You are also able to become a vassal, experiencing first hand the trade off between security and freedom.

**Managing your character**

As I said, you are the medieval aristocrat. That means you have to manage your personal affairs, including friendships, rivalries, and even the other kind of affairs. You also have to work on your education. Will you spend your time learning economics to maximize your income or warfare to maximize your martial power? What about becoming a pious and healthy man? Perhaps you’d specialize in intrigue to murder and kidnap your way to power?

**Managing your dynasty**

When you die, you will continue as your heir. That means you’ll have to educate your future character and mold them into a good noble. Like a real parent, however, their actions are out of your direct control. Sometimes, they go on murdering sprees or sleep with the pope. Then you become them. You will probably have other children, and they will want a portion of your inheritance. Vast empires will crumble to partition. Your other children will also have claims to your domain. Try being an heir when your 20 brothers have larger armies and equal claim to your father’s realm. Make sure your dynasty doesn’t hate itself and that its future is secured.

The best way to experience this game is to play it. It seems hard, but it’s not that complex. I adore it, although I’m not incredible at it. Interestingly enough, the

game has multiplayer. If any of my friends had the game, I imagine many a night would be spent huddled up to the artificial blue light of my monitor while I scream at Genghis Kahn for wrecking my economy while my army starved to death in the Transylvanian Alps from lack of supply. What I’m trying to say is that it’s a good time. Well, that’s how I plan to spend my weekend.
