---
layout: post
title: Week 734AZ - Some great lines and middle school and grade 4 are a wrap
date: 2024-05-21
week: 731
fj: True
tags:
  - family-journal
---

We were eating Wagyu burgers for dinner, honestly, they weren’t that good. Definitely not worth the calories. Zach piped in yup, it’s like wiping your ass with 100$ bills. Sure it looks cool, but it doesn’t really clean anything, and it’s not that comfortable.

What an amazing kid! He was also the master of ceremonies for his grade 8 graduation. I suspect he's a chip off the old block as another parent told me, I bet Zach's gonna stick to the script, I heard the principal say "Dvorkin - I don't want to hear any jokes, only say what's on that script".

{% include bi_table.html is="serious.webp; wagyu.webp; zach_mc.webp;" %}

Not to be outdone, Amelia shared some serious insights. She looked at me and said "Dad, do you want to see how much Mom loves you? Look at these amazing shoes she made for you." Amelia is super articulate and has very high emotional intelligence, can't wait to watch as her wit develops.

{% include bi_table.html is="a_d.webp; amelia.webp; tori-shoe.webp;" %}

Have a great week, and remember -

In a world of Wagyu burgers, not quite a delight,
Zach chimed in, comparing it to a strange sight.

Like wiping with cash, not really that clean,
An odd comparison, you know what I mean.

- Young Zach, a host with flair and grace,
- Guiding the ceremony at his own pace.

- Amelia, with wisdom beyond her years,
- Not just shoes, but love that appears.

- Serious insights, emotions so bright,
- Their future shining, a promising sight.

- A week ahead, with joy to foresee,
- And always remember, strive for the best, ZiaT!

* ZiaT!
