---
layout: post
title: Week 738AZ - Camp Chaperone; Amelia Teenager; Love as shoes
date: 2024-06-15
week: 738
fj: True
tags:
  - family-journal
---

The top of my priority list is being a school chaperone. Getting to see the kids in their natural environment, interacting as people is great. Getting to see how awesome the teachers are - also great. Last year I had an amazing adventure at Mount [St. Helens](/ig66/682), this year is Deception Pass with Zach! They say kids are 10 going on 18, and that's certainly where Amelia is at.

The Deception Pass camping trek is both a camping trip, and a chance for some science learning. Put on by this world-class science teacher (read the notes on the St. Helens trip). One of the first lessons is learning classification. See Zach's charcuterie board classification of rocks:

{% include bi_table.html is="deception-pass.webp; rock-collection.webp; blade.webp;" %}

The first day of camping is bring a lunch bag, which Tori was kind enough to provide me. Though I guess I must have screwed something up that day as all I got was an unpeeled carrot. On the flip side, she must also have forgiven me as she's making me some amazing shoes. To quote Amelia _Dad, to get shoes like that, she must be madly in love with you._ After this many decades of togetherness, madly in love might not be the word, but we are certainly a wacky couple, pair bonded for life:

{% include bi_table.html is="lunch.webp; tori-shoe.webp;" %}

I like to say Amelia is 10 going on 18. And between her wanting to be 18, and me wanting to be 8, we're quite the couple.

{% include bi_table.html is="a-d-dress.webp; a-d.webp; z-d.webp;" %}

Oh, a funny story from camping. I try to live my eulogy, which includes my physical health, sleeping, and kettlebells.

- On sleep: The camping trips often have around-the-campfire desserts and star gazing, but that's always super late, and I hymn and haw, but go to bed at 8. The other dads were like "Igor, it's crazy at 7:59 you're joking and laughing, but a minute later, you just disappear, it's like magic."
- On Kettlebells: I carpooled with another dad and mentioned bringing my kettlebells. On the way up, he was like, I thought you were joking about bringing them - and I was like, uh, nope, now I'm shamed into having to do them. And do them I did!

Have a great week, and remember: Spend time with your kids while you can. It'll be the highlight of your life - ZiaT
