---
layout: post
title: Week 761AZ - Back in the blog+boat
date: 2024-11-18
week: 761
fj: True
tags:
  - family-journal
---

12 weeks ago, I went kayaking, and I wrote a blog. This week, I went kayaking, and I'm now writing a blog. The last two weeks saw a fair few adventures: Kayaking, Wicked the musical, and some fancy masks!

First, my new kayak. Tori will claim I own too many kayaks, which I never use. Well, counterpoint, I've used this one at least once! It's a pretty sweet boat, full drop stitch, only 26 lbs, and with footrests, I think this will be my favorite boat!

{%include bi_table.html is="boat1.webp; boat2.webp; boat3.webp;" %}

Amelia and I have had an amazing couple of walks where we go out and talk about everything! One night as we walked, she talked about how I'm missing the embarrassment part of my brain. And I explained to her that to get rid of embarrassment is a lot of work, but 100% worth it. I don't know how related it was to that talk, but Amelia often wears a tail, and then one morning she wore not just a tail but a tail and a mask. As we walked to her bus stop, she said, "Dad, I'm experiencing physical pain from embarrassment," I said, "Yeah, it happens, keep practicing; it goes away." I also told her we can do some heavy club training.

Some Zach updates: He's crushing high school:

- He's grade 9 secretary (good story on his presidential campaign)
- He's a rower - rowing 4 nights a week, in the winter, 3 of which are called land days: Running/Ergs/Pushup/Squats
- He's an improv competitor - He's on the Garfield improv team, which is competing for the Hogan cup (good story on getting to see the shows vs other sports)
- He's still hosting D&D, including commandeering Tori to cook giant things of pudding
- He's still hanging with his Middle School buddies, who came out to see his improv show, and who joined him to see a high school play

Some Amelia Updates:

Some Igor Updates:

- I finally got a desktop Mac. Damn, that's an impressive machine for $500
- I'm now into Heavy Clubs (get photo of them)
- I'm now at 20% target weight for my swings, and TGUs

Some Family Updates:

- We saw Wicked, that was pretty fun.
- We had family hot pot.
- We now have a bathroom light (PROGRESS)
- I moved out of the office, freeing it up to be Zach's bedroom (which is somewhat stuck)

{%include bi_table.html is="dinner-cat.webp;whicked.webp;" %}

Some Amelia Updates:

- She's now a drummer
- Cute story about the cat mask

{%include bi_table.html is="cat-shirt.webp; amelia-mask.webp;a-d.webp" %}

More photos to add

{%include bi_table.html is="clubs.webp;z-a-cotton.webp;z-d-cool.webp;" %}

Have a great week and remember:

*In the land of Seuss, where the stories are grand* <br/>
I went kayaking once, and then I blogged on the sand <br/>
Twelve weeks have passed, and I've paddled once more, <br/>
Now I'm writing a blog, just like before! <br/>

Adventures we had, oh quite a few, <br/>
Kayaking and musicals, masks fancy and new! <br/>

*My New Kayak* <br/>
My new kayak's a gem, Tori might say <br/>
"Too many you have, they just waste away!" <br/>
But this kayak's been used, at least once, I declare, <br/>
It's light and it's nifty, the best one, I swear! <br/>

*Amelia's Walks* <br/>
Amelia and I, we walked and we talked <br/>
About brains and embarrassment, as we strolled and we walked. <br/>
She wore a tail and a mask, feeling shy, oh so rare, <br/>
I said, "Keep on practicing, soon you won't care!" <br/>

*Zach's Adventures* <br/>
Now let's talk of Zach, who's quite the young chap <br/>
In high school he's thriving, with nary a gap! <br/>
He's grade 9 secretary, with stories to tell, <br/>
A rower, an improver, he's doing quite well! <br/>

D&D he hosts, with puddings so grand, <br/>
His middle school friends still lend him a hand. <br/>

*Igor's Updates* <br/>
As for Igor, updates abound <br/>
A desktop Mac, for five hundred, he found! <br/>
Heavy clubs he swings, a photo to take, <br/>
He's reaching his targets, make no mistake! <br/>

*Family Fun* <br/>
Family updates, oh, what a delight <br/>
We saw Wicked and had hot pot one night. <br/>
A light in the bathroom, progress we made, <br/>
Zach's got a new room, though somewhat delayed. <br/>

*More About Amelia* <br/>
Amelia's drumming, with stories so sweet <br/>
And a cute cat mask, a tale to repeat! <br/>

In the world of Seuss, with rhymes all around, <br/>
Our adventures continue, joyfully profound! <br/>

ZiaT!
